c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form1.resources
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Resources.resources
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\bin\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.exe
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\bin\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.pdb
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\bin\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.exe
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.xml
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.pdb
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form2.resources
c:\users\harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Harold\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.exe
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.xml
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\bin\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.exe
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\bin\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\bin\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.xml
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Harold\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\HR_InfoSystem\HR_InfoSystem\obj\x86\Debug\HR_InfoSystem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
